
#<Group3_Sprint1_meeting#1_September-19>


Date: September 19, 2024

**Chair**: Mridul
**Participants**: Mridul, Youssef, David, Sitherankan, Paul, Aryan

**Decision items**:
\-Set up our GitHub for the project
\-Described the problem and divided the roles:
Task Breakdown and user stories: Mridul and Aryan
ReadMe: Paul and Sitherankan
Front-end: Youssef
Back-end: David
Meeting Minutes: Mridul
Sprint Planning: Paul and Sitherankan
\-Discord: Monday afternoon for next meeting
\-Meeting: next Thursday to check for progress



**Discussion items**:
\-Described the problem and divided the roles
\-We discussed the amount of work each member will perform in the next 7 days;


**Next meeting agenda**:
\-Review the progress of the project.
\-Plan for the submission of sprint 1.


